---
title: CocoaConf Boston 2014 Recap
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=173
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
After getting a solid [recommendation from Curtis][1], who attended the Washington DC varient, this weekend I headed north to CocoaConf Boston. It was my first CocoaConf and so I went into the weekend with alot of blured expectations.

> **Spoilers**: I say _first_ with intention. TLDR; I had a really great time. The talks and speaker quality were really high and with luck I&#8217;ll be able to attend again during a future &#8220;tour&#8221;.

One of my expectations was size. I thought the attendee count was going to be a bit larger. Not that a small count is bad for me but I&#8217;m used to educational events hosting more. I suspect part of this is that CocoaConf is hosting lots more venues now (three arguably &#8220;east coast citys&#8221; during this fall tour alone). This may make some events smaller but overall a win for the community, in my book, so as to have more access for those who can&#8217;t travel far.

Another expectation that continues to make me proud of our community is the people. The attendees, the speakers and the event staff of CocoaConf are all incredibly friendly, approachable and inspiring. Meeting new people and catching up with old friends is a big reason why I like attending conferences and CocoaConf does a great job at supplying the &#8220;campfire&#8221; atmposhere to make that happen.

As for my favorite talks I&#8217;ll metion a few:

Daniel Jalkut&#8217;s &#8220;Quit Your Job&#8221; Keynote and Rob Rhyne&#8217;s &#8220;Make Them Care&#8221; session were very inspriational. I leave Boston really hungry to jump into some side projects of mine.

For technical wisdom I have to give it up for the full day Swift Kickstart workshop Daniel Steinberg ran as well as the Swift and Objective-C: Best Friends Forever session by Jonathan Blocksom. CocoaConf Boston is now cemented as the place and the time where I really started to appricate what Apple is trying to accomplish with the Swift language. This isn&#8217;t to say we aren&#8217;t in for a bummpy ride but at least now I have a good frame of mind as to the &#8220;why&#8221; behind it all.

Finally, it was great to meet the people that run CocoaConf. Rather than some large corperation, CocoaConf is actaully a family affair. [Dave Kline and his family][2] run most of the opperation and they seemed very dedicated to making sure everyone had a good time. For all their hard work I say thank you and hope to see you all again soon.

 [1]: https://twitter.com/parrots
 [2]: http://cocoaconf.com/family